Yo, isn't this Chen Lame's hired boss Mei?
Lame Chen's bones are cold
I also found such a little white face
If you are in such a hurry, you have to find me.
I'm better at playing than this bumpkin
Ahahahaha
This is the version that only the upper power can enter. Okay
It's not that mom promises to gamble
The two types of knowledge go away
We are also here to auction.
Don't worry.
Do you want to get the broken stick back there for the Chen family?
I suggest you stop dreaming
I'll bargain today to put it here.
That is to say, tell others
The Chen family argues that force is garbage and waste
On financial strength, the Jiang family will always defeat them
The Chen family will always bow to me when they see the Jiang family
Hmm, let me tell you
Getting married is just the first step
Here we go.
Master, I want to drown the Jiang family step by step
Hahahahaha
A little white face who relies on women for food
Dare to cherish generously on this
Jiang Shao
That's how you treat your guests
OK
I'd like to see how you sell it here today
The auction hasn't started yet
According to the regulations of our auction house
The first item of the day
It symbolizes Mengzhou
Chen Family's Interpretation and Glory of the Dragon Head Stick
Hahahahaha
The highest bid for the faucet stick is 50 million
I have 25 million in this card
Plus the 5 million Chen family gave you
That's 30 million. You should know he loves you
Oh, you don't have to be so nice to me.
What is your relationship with my father?